README.md, before:

# About this project #
This is a simple app made in flutter.

## This project features ##
* Theme change setting
* Text scaling setting
* Simple navigation
* Simple timer function
* Usage of simple flutter animation

![](https://github.com/Mataiaz/My-Demo-App/blob/main/demoPics/mydemoapp1.PNG)

![](https://github.com/Mataiaz/My-Demo-App/blob/main/demoPics/mydemoapp2.PNG)
![](https://github.com/Mataiaz/My-Demo-App/blob/main/demoPics/mydemoapp3.PNG)
![](https://github.com/Mataiaz/My-Demo-App/blob/main/demoPics/mydemoapp4.PNG)
![](https://github.com/Mataiaz/My-Demo-App/blob/main/demoPics/mydemoapp5.PNG)


## Getting Started with your own flutter project ##

A few resources to get you started if this is your first Flutter project:

- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://flutter.dev/docs/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter, view our
[online documentation](https://flutter.dev/docs), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.
"# project-name" 

## Contact ##
mathias344@live.no
Made by Mathias L. Bjarnason

Commit message:

updated readme.md with link and info

README.md, after:

# About this project #
This is a simple app made in flutter.
Pictures at the bottom.

# Test project #
Go on this link and press download(right side on the screen).
https://github.com/Mataiaz/projects/blob/main/mydemo.msix

If that did not work you can download this project and then go to build > windows > runner > release > flutter_wubdiw.dll
to run the program

## This project features ##
* Theme change setting
* Text scaling setting
* Simple navigation
* Simple timer function
* Usage of simple flutter animation

## Getting Started with your own flutter project ##

A few resources to get you started if this is your first Flutter project:

- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://flutter.dev/docs/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter, view our
[online documentation](https://flutter.dev/docs), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.
"# project-name" 

## Contact ##
mathias344@live.no
Made by Mathias L. Bjarnason

![](https://github.com/Mataiaz/My-Demo-App/blob/main/demoPics/mydemoapp1.PNG)

![](https://github.com/Mataiaz/My-Demo-App/blob/main/demoPics/mydemoapp2.PNG)
![](https://github.com/Mataiaz/My-Demo-App/blob/main/demoPics/mydemoapp3.PNG)
![](https://github.com/Mataiaz/My-Demo-App/blob/main/demoPics/mydemoapp4.PNG)
![](https://github.com/Mataiaz/My-Demo-App/blob/main/demoPics/mydemoapp5.PNG)
